# Brooklyn Public Library DiscoTech Zine

This repository holds the paper and web guide to putting on intergenerational technology skillshares (also known as DiscoTechs) in Brooklyn Public Libraries. It's a way to keep track of what still needs to be done to publish it, and for anyone to see how to contribute.

Drawing on the [DDJC DiscoTech Zine](http://detroitcommunitytech.org/sites/default/files/librarypdfs/how-to-discotech.pdf) and the January 2018 Brownsville DiscoTech, this open source guide provides templates and information on how to hold a similar program in a Brooklyn Public Library branch, but may prove useful to people worldwide interested in creating community-driven, intergenerational, culturally-relevant local technology education. 

## Links to help you navigate this repository
- [Paper](https://github.com/mayawagon/BPL-Discotech-zine/tree/master/Paper) includes assets relevant to the paper version of the zine, including indesign files and mockups
- [Written sections](https://github.com/mayawagon/BPL-Discotech-zine/tree/master/Written%20sections) includes text/markdown files that contain writing for the publication, and might be used in either the paper, or the web version, or not at all
- [LICENSE](LICENSE) contains the license for this content. It is Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike 4.0, which basically means that you should replicate, remix, and reuse this content, but just give credit, and share it with the same permissions. 
- [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) tells you how you can contribute in big and small ways, with all kinds of skillsets, and what still needs to happen before this guide gets published.  
- [Images](https://github.com/mayawagon/BPL-Discotech-zine/tree/master/Images) contains photos, flyers, and social media banners for previous DiscoTechs, as well as other assets that can be used in the zine.

## Glossary
- **repository** or **repo**: a collection of documents related to your project, in which you create and save new code or content
- **Open** or **working open**: terms used to refer to using the power, knowledge, and skills of a diverse community of volunteers to accomplish something a single person could not do along. Knowledge and information generated by the proejct is shared widely and freely, and others are allowed to build upon it, and to maximize its usefulness for everyone.  
- **Roadmap**: a document outlining the schedule of work to be done on a project
- **Issue**: the GitHub term for tasks, enhancements, and bugs. Use these to let us know about things that are wrong or should be addressed. 
- **DiscoTech**: Short for **Disco**vering **Tech**nology, this is a science-fair style community technology skill share event, where people from all walks of life in the neighborhood can teach and learn from one another about technology. 

